I think he is the one who engineered the split
between Joe and Bridges, and I don't remember what
the final thing was over. Could it have been your
nomination to represent the CIO Maritime
Committee here in Washington? I don't think it
could have been. It may have been, but I don't think
it could have been.
Because I was working under Bridges Bjorn
Holling, who was the executive secretary. I was
working under him. And they called him back to San
Francisco because they had something there that
they thought he could be more effective in than
what he was doing here. And that's when I was named
as secretary to succeed to head up the committee.
This could have been, although I don't know. I'm
sure I had a lot of people around who didn't like me.
And some of them I know didn't like me because they
thought I was too close to Joe. We were very close
personal friends, no question about it. During
your years as a lobbyist, we'll use that term, here
in Washington, who were some congressmen who were
favorable to you, who was the NMU's friends?
What was the relationship with Vic Marcantonio?
Marcantonio?
He would do almost anything he could that we would
ask him to do.
Just thinking about it, I would say that after I was
here for maybe a year and a half or two years, that
most of the congressmen that we contacted on
maritime matters became friends of the Union.
And maybe I'm bragging a little, but let me tell
you, and you be the judge of what you think.
I had certain basic principles which I followed.
And I made no bones of those, and incidentally, I
can tell you that they didn't always agree with
Bridges, and we clashed over them several times.
First of all, I took the position that whatever was
good for the United States was good for the
merchant marine, not the other way around. I
also took the position that the companies who
operated those ships were good for the merchant
marine as long as they carried out programs that
would help to make the merchant marine grow and
help serve the national policy.
I took the position that these people furnished
jobs for seamen and longshoremen. It was damn time
that we learned that and stopped calling them the
bosses and start cooperating with them. I and the
communists clashed many times over this. Matter
of fact, I wrote a guest column for Joe once while he
was away somewhere. I don't know where now, but he
asked me to write it. And I wrote about
cooperation. In the next issue of the pilot,
Ferdinand Smith wrote an article attacking that.
It was a party article done by someone in the,
probably in the then Daily Worker. for him, but it
was so patent that it was a party line attack that
you couldn't mistake it for anything.
Anyway, they were against cooperating with those
goddamn ship owners, you know, this sort of crap.
Do you think this perception by Curran and parts of
the Union anyway, as far as the need to cooperate
with ship owners and with the government, comes
only after the beginning of the Second World War?
Yes, it was not possible before. No way. No way.
Because all seamen hated ship owners. It didn't
have to be a communist to hate a ship owner, I can
guarantee you. because the conditions were so
poor. I mean, they were rotten on ships, really. I
remember the first ship I was on, no, the second
ship I was on, the second engineer at lunch one day
said, my God, looky here, looky here. And he took
his spoon and dipped something out of his soup and
got up and walked around and put it in front of the
captain. Look at that. I found that in my soup.
Captain said, oh, that's only a half of a
cockroach. Went on eating his soup.
Well, I started to tell you why I thought we built up
good relations with congressmen.
I always tried to know my facts when I was talking to
them. And I always tried to leave them a paper. on
what we were talking about, what I was seeking. And
if there were other alternatives, I tried to
present those alternatives. And if there were
specific dangers to them individually, I always
presented those. In other words, I never tried to
sell a congressman something that I wouldn't want
another guy to sell me if I were in his shoes. I tried
to play the golden rule with them, in other words.
Do to them as I would want somebody to do to me. And I
think that took part,
had a part in building up relationships with the
congressmen. I can say up until about 1970,
or maybe a little before that, 68. I don't remember
the date. But Joe Curran had an extremely good
reputation here in Washington.
And unfortunately, that reputation started to
wane when he sent his son down here. I don't know
whether 68, 69, or 70. Tal can give you the date on
that. And his son started screwing things up for
good. For example, one of the first things he did
was put out a press release attacking Senator
Magnuson. Well, Senator Magnuson wouldn't do any
damn thing that we asked him to do. That little
bastard came in here, and this was one of the first
things that he did.
And this started knocking Joe's, well, Now,
before that, his reputation started to get
knocked down by Bill Perry. Perry had developed a
habit of calling me on the phone and telling me what
Joe wanted done. Then he would call the person I
would go to in the government and tell that person
they'd better goddamn sure get this done before I
even go to the person, tell them. And this started
breaking down the relations of the, you know, the
reputation of the NMU. What about the
Taft-Hartley Act? How involved were you in
fighting that? Let me go back a minute, but bring me
back to Taft-Hartley.
Talking about the congressman.
Trying to think of who reminded me of that just
recently. Anyway, myself and this person walked
into a meeting of the House Merchant Marine
Fisheries Committee when Herbert Bonner was
chairman. We walked in after I'd been away about
six weeks on a trip. I came back, and we walked in
together. And Bonner got up and said, now, wait a
minute. I don't know who was testifying. Stop
right here. Someone just walked in the room I want
you to know about. Hoyt Haddock just came in. If we
have one annoying thing about the merchant
marine, he's the man to ask. So he took that guy off
the stand. I wasn't prepared to testify. And I
said, I want to ask him some questions about this.
And so he did, went on. But I mention that only
because it's indicative of the fact that I had
built up a personal trust with these people. I
tried to do it, and I was successful. And I remember
another situation where an attorney who happened
to be an ex-Congressman, the only Congressman
that Roosevelt purged, if you ever read anything
about him trying to purge some of the Congressmen,
that was the only Congressman that was ever
purged, and he was a New York Congressman.
practicing law here, I had testified on some bill
the day before. And he came in the next day and was
trying to knock down my testimony by sarcastic
references to me and my testimony. And the ranking
Republican at that time, Thor Tollefson, after
listening to it for a while, he said, now wait. I
want you to know that as far as I'm concerned, Hoyt
Haddock is a personal friend of mine. And he said,
we're not holding a hearing here on the character
of Hoyt Haddock, unfortunately. If we were, I
would be the first witness for him. But we're
holding a hearing on such and such. And you haven't
told us one thing about this bill that we're
considering at all. All you've done is sit here and
attack Hoyt Haddock. He said, I'm personally
tired of it. And if you continue to testify, I'm
getting up and leave, because I don't intend to sit
here any longer. And Bonner was still chairman
then. And Bonner said, and I couldn't agree more.
He said, I'm telling you now, if that's the rest of
your testimony, you're finished. I'm perfectly
content to go ahead and listen to you if you have
something constructive to say. The guy got up and
left. He didn't have anything constructive to
say. But I only... I don't think I'm egotistical in
saying those, because I literally set out to build
that kind of relationship with people that I had to
work with. And I had that kind of relationship with
all of them. For example, Senator Magnuson, after
one of the elections, there were a number of
changes on his committee. Well, I was over the
hearing one day, and... Just before the hearing
went up, I got up and went around to the back room
where they held their executive meetings. And I
was sitting in there talking with some of the
staff. And he and some of them came in. They were
going to hold an executive session. They decided
that outside. So he said, well, then we're going to
hold our meeting here. So when he said that, I got up
and started to go out. He said, no, Hoyt, don't
leave. I want you to stay, because I want these
people to meet you and know about you. So they had
already decided who was going to be committee
chairman. And I remember a congressman from
Florida, John, he replaced Claude Pepper. I can't
think of his name now. John something was in charge
of the land and inland transportation. He said, I
want all the committee to know that Hoyt Haddock,
when there's anything doing with maritime,
before I take a position on it, I find out what his
position is. And I normally follow whatever he
suggests that I follow. And then each one of the
guys asked me, he said,
will you
Give me the kind of help you give Magnuson. I said,
I'll give you all the help that I can. That's what
I'm paid to do. I said, you must understand that
when I give you my ideas on things, that they're
only my ideas, and I have as much chance of being
wrong as anyone else. I said, when I talk to you
about a subject, if you are better prepared on it
than I, I consider you to have a better
understanding than I. If you're not, I figured
that you've got a 50% chance of being as right as me.
I said, that's the way I work. That's the way I
think. And if you ask me a question, I will either
tell you what my opinion is on it, how I think it
should be handled, or I'll tell you that I don't
know, but I will study it for you and give you an
opinion. And that's the way I operate. Now, you ask
me, uh, how we got along with the congressman.
That's the way we got along with them. And we got
along with the administrative people the same
way. For example, if we had a bill that we wanted to
get through, I didn't start working with the
Congress on that bill. I started working with the
administration and I would get the appropriate
administrative agencies that were concerned
that I knew that this bill was going to be referred
to for reports I would talk to them before we
proceed with that. Then I would go get, after I
would talk with them, I would go talk to the budget
department and tell them the position, our
position, and the fact that I discussed this with
the various agencies and what their position was.
Then I would come to Congress. But that's the way I
operated, and I think we had built up a good
relationship. What about the Taft-Hartley?
Well, before the Taft-Hartley,
I had testified on the National Labor Relations
Act. I told them that I thought it was a bad act. I
said it's going to help labor for a while, but it's
then going to become the enemy of labor, just like
all government agencies. Because you have to
understand that government agencies are
controlled by the bankers of this country. I said,
any congressman who is honest knows that. And if he
doesn't know it, he's a damn fool.
So I had that record. And when I came to the
Taft-Hartley, of course, the whole labor
movement worked on Taft-Hartley. And in the
Senate, I don't think I testified on Taft-Hartley
in the House. I testified in the Senate and Taft was
chairman of the committee at the time. I guess that
meant that the Republicans were in power in the
Congress at the time. I don't know what year this
was. 47,
48.
Boiling it all down.
I have never seen any member, any person testify
for Taft who was treated so nice as I was by him. I
expected him to cut my throat from ear to ear. But
literally he was, he couldn't have been nicer if I
were a king visiting his home for the first time as a
personal friend. I never understood it. Still
don't understand it. But that's the way he treated
me. Maybe he's trying to kill me with kindness. I
don't know. But he gave everyone a hard time coming
before that committee, except me. I mean
literally. And representatives of labor here in
Washington talked about that for at least a year
afterwards. The way he was deferent to me. I don't
know why, but he was. There was one other situation
we were talking about.
This was also a labor bill. They were having
hearings on withholding
taxes. And they wanted to
have withholding taxes for merchant seamen
because of their room and board. You weren't here
then, were you, Tal? You were? Anyway, there was a
fellow from the electrical workers. What the hell
was his name? Well, he'd been a professor at one of
the universities in New York. I don't remember his
name now. I can't think of it. Who had prepared a
tremendous brief on this. Anyway, I went before
him and talked about this position of taxing
seamen's wages and so forth. And all of the
committee were agreeing with me on it. My approach
to it was correct because this fitted the
situation that they confronted in their whole
house. My basic position was that it didn't reduce
the cost of a merchant seaman rent that he had to pay
because he went to sea. And it only reduced his
grocery bill very insignificantly at all when he
wasn't at home. because his wife, if she had any
kids, she had to feed those, and she probably
bought about the same amount of food anyway. You
know, the congressman said, this is the same
situation that confronts us. The chairman says, I
have a home in Washington State, and I have one
here. And it don't reduce my expenses when I leave
out there. As a matter of fact, it increases them
because I come here. But I can readily see, even if I
didn't have a home here, I still have to maintain
the home out there. It's not going to cost me any
less. And they were agreeing with me. And this
fellow followed me. And he had a very
well-prepared statement. I mean, it was the kind
of a statement I would like to have had when I talked
to him. But I didn't have it, because I didn't
prepare a statement. I added it up to him. And they
started attacking him from the moment he sat down
there. But the problem was he was talking down to
them. He was educating them as though they were
children. And they felt this right away. And they
just gave him a hell of a time. And he really had a
statement that could have convinced anyone. But
he just lost everything. But I mention that
because I
don't know. It's the way you approach people, I
guess. It's the only thing I can say. Now, on
talking about Taft-Hartley, I don't to this day
know why Taft treated me like he did. I literally
thought he was going to give me hell. What about
moving backwards a ways to the, right after the
war, the threatened, 24-hour strike at the end of
Utah had. Who was the catalyst behind this? Was
this the 40-hour week strike? The strike after the
war for wages. For wages. Well, this could have
been the 40-hour week strike. I don't know.
I'm afraid the AFL-CIO Maritime Committee was,
because this was part of our Part of the program
that I put together, you know, try to get the unions
to recognize what was coming. If it was the 40-hour
week strike, the catalyst was the then head of the
American Merchant Marine Institute. I don't know
what the name of it was then, but the fellow who was
the head of it was a Tammany politician. And he had
told his ship owners, don't worry, there's not
going to be a strike. Well, Franklin called me up
and asked me, he said, What the hell was that guy's
name?
He was president of their
committee, whatever they called it, and in charge
of labor relations.
I said, don't you believe him, Jack. There's going
to be a strike on the 40-hour week unless he gives in
on it. So OK. He went back to the meeting next day and
told them that there was going to be a strike. And
this guy said, no, not going to be any strike.
They're not going to push this 40-hour week. He
called me again and told me. I said, Jack, I can only
tell you what I know. And right now, I know that
there's going to be a strike unless the 40-hour
week is granted. And I said, if you don't grant it
before the strike, you will grant it after, and it
will cost you more money.
So they didn't grant it before the strike, and it
did cost them more money. In 51 and 52,
was when Murray was beginning to talk about
stepping down from the CIO before the AFL and the
CIO emerged, was Joe Kern being groomed to become
the president of the CIO? Not to my knowledge. Not
to my knowledge. How close was his working
relationship with Philip Murray?
I don't think as close as many others. Philip
Murray's closest working relationships were
with the steelworkers, whoever was in the
steelworkers. Many of his people came out of the
steelworker organization into the CIO as a
result. But I don't think Joe had any particular in
with Murray. I think any good honest person had an
in with Murray. Murray was a very simple person. If
you believed in what you were trying to do and tried
to do a good job, you didn't have to do a good job. But
if you really tried to, Murray had respect for you.
With Joe's heart attack in 52. His what? Heart
attack. I don't remember when it was. Why did he
step down then? Why? Why didn't he? As I
understand, it was a fairly massive heart attack,
wasn't it? It was. Yeah, he was out for a long time.
Well, he talked about retiring. Whether he ever
meant it or not, I don't know. I think most everyone
encouraged him not to retire unless he really had
to.
I know that I did. I know that Headley Stone did.
Trying to think of who else was there at the time.
I just don't remember who else was there. Now
outside of the NMU, I don't know who talked to him
about it. Franklin may have. He and Franklin
became good friends too.
You know, they respected each other. Franklin
respected his word and he respected Franklin's
word. So by the 50s then, you'd be correct to
generalize that the NMU had a a good working
relationship with at least most of the steamship
owners? Yes. The old antagonist, protagonist
days of the 30s were over by then. That's right, I
think so. And they were cooperative. We had gotten
away from what we call the ship actions by then. You
know, where you set down one ship over one issue,
whether it was in the contract or not. In other
words, the crew takes action. What happened with
the passenger ships? Apparently it was one of
Germany's biggest defeats. Well, they got to the
point where they were so overmanned and so much
corruption existed on them that they weren't
making any money for the companies. Had this been
verified by the union? passenger ships were
indeed losing money? Oh yes, oh yes. And the
government was tired of paying subsidies to them
because the subsidies were so big and they really
weren't contributing anything to the commerce of
the United States in terms of commerce, just
carrying passengers for pleasure.
The Union worked out several new passenger
scales, you know, to scale them down. But there was
great resistance towards lowering the scale on
the passenger ships because the seamen had
become, this time,
had gotten to the position where the old trade
union principles really didn't exist anymore.
You know, at one time, to become a good trade
unionist, you had to be a good worker. You had to be a
competent worker in the craft that you were
following. And they had gotten it this time, where
that was immaterial. What do you think caused
that, this change in mentality of the average
seaman? I think the union provided too much
protection for them. They didn't rely upon their
own abilities any longer. They started relying
solely upon the Union, just like the situation
now. Too many people rely upon the United States
government. They have no idea of being productive
citizens, of looking out for themselves. They
want Uncle Sam to look out for them. And I think it's
that same mentality that Seaman wanted the Union
to look out for them, not themselves. Well, you
can't keep a union strong with that kind of
mentality.
What about William Perry? The what? William
Perry. There isn't anything good I can say about
the man. When was he first brought into the union? I
don't remember the year. Well. It was just before
this convention where this fight took place. What
was the man's name that Joe tangled with? Joe
Stack? Joe Stack. Joe Stack fired William Perry.
And William Perry came to Joe and asked Joe to put
him back on a job somewhere. I don't know what the
discussion was, because I was in Washington at
that time, I think. I'm sure I was. Anyway, Joe put
him back on. Joe was a very soft-hearted guy. He
would do anything for you. Really, he would. He was
egotistical like all of us, but he did have a very
soft heart.
Well, hell, if I would go to him and say, Joe, I want
to go to bed with your wife, Joe would say, all
right. He would walk out of the room. I never tried
this, but I'm telling you that that's the kind of a
guy he was. If you were his friend, anything that he
had was yours.
And anything that he wanted from me, he could get,
no question about that.
But that's one of the things. And William Perry
did everything to build his ego. For example, it
got to the point where Joe wouldn't buy a suit
without William Perry passing on it. Joe didn't
get married the second time without William Perry
passing on it. He had that much influence on Joe.
Was Perry like a father-son relationship or a
relationship of equals? He envisioned Perry as a
son that he wished Joe Paul could be. I think that
was where the real problem was. In other words,
Perry was an able guy in his own way, and he could
convince Joe of almost anything. And you know,
like Joe Paul, Joe Paul decided he wanted to come to
Washington, be a legislative representative.
Joe sent him down here, become legislative
representative. Joe Paul perceived his job here
as telling me what to do and how to do it. I tried to
tell him that this wasn't the right way to do it, and
he would go ahead and do it anyway. And you couldn't
touch Joe on Joe Paul at all. For example, Joe Paul,
is this on? Well, it doesn't make any difference.
No, take it off. Perry was replacing what Joe was
missing. And you could say anything against Perry
and Joe wouldn't believe you. In your opinion,
what do you think Joe Curran's greatest
contributions to maritime labor and to merchant
seamen were? And what were his greatest
victories?
I guess the greatest victory was starting the
Union. Really, that was the greatest thing he ever
did. And then keeping it to grow was just all adding
to it. Did he ever talk to you about what he
considered to be his greatest achievement? Would
he ever reminisce about something like that? Oh,
we would talk about specific issues, you know, as
they would happen and maybe go back to some of the
issues and discuss them, but I don't think he ever
perceived that any one thing was... He was more
proud of than another? What? That he was more proud
of than another? No, I don't think so. I think he was
just proud of the whole thing. What do you think
were his greatest feelings? His greatest value
was leadership, personal leadership. What would
you say his greatest failures were? I
guess his egotism was his greatest failure.
For example, letting a guy like Perry lead him
around by the nose. And I mean he literally did it.
For example,
they
had a problem on the Americans. I think maybe it
involved an electrician. Doesn't matter. I don't
remember the details of it. But anyway, it
involved one man. The company had disciplined
him, and the union wanted the man put back. And they
tied up the ship. But before they did this, Perry
called me and said, Joe has decided to tie up the
america what do you think i said i don't think it's a
good idea perry and i wish joe would call me and talk
to me because i think it's very important that he
know the facts knows the facts the u.s lines has
worked out a deal with a greek steamship company to
buy the america
And I think that anything that you do now is going to
deliver that ship from the American flag to the
Greek flag.
Oh, don't worry, I'll tell Joe. Well, he didn't
tell Joe.
Anyway, Joe asked me to come to New York on the day
that they were supposed to meet for arbitration on
the issue. This was after they had the ship tied up.
I told Joe of all of this, what I told Perry. And he
said to Bill, why in the hell didn't you tell me
this? I didn't tell you because I didn't believe it
was so, and I still don't believe it's so. And Joe
says, well, I can damn sure check it, and you know I
can check it. Well, go ahead and check it. So Joe
went and called Franklin, asked him, I understand
that you have a Greek ship owner who wants to buy the
America and you're ready to sell it to him. Is it so?
I said, yes, that's so. Frankly, I wouldn't lie to
him. He just told him the truth. So Joe said, thank
you. And he came back and said, you little son of a
bitch ought to kick your ass right out of here. And
then five minutes later, he forgot about it, I
guess. Anyway, I said, I think you're wasting time
on the arbitration.
The company's not going to agree to do what you want
to do on this man. They want you to force them to sell
into a situation where they can sell America. You
better back out of this.
Joe said, I don't see how I can. I think we have to go
ahead with the arbitration. I said, if you go ahead
with the arbitration, are you going to accept the
decision? Not if it's against us. I said, well,
Joe, don't go ahead with it. It's going to be
against you, believe me. Well, they went ahead
with it, and sure enough, it was against them.
The ship was sold to the Greek. What about the
Kieran-Paul Hall relationship?
Well, you have to understand the origin, I guess,
of the SIU to realize that. And I've told you
already that this was the shipowner's answer to
the National Maritime Union. And...
Were there ever any attempts for the two unions to
fuse? There has always been good, honest attempts
on the part of the National Maritime Union to put
the seamen's unions together. And Joe, when he was
leader, was 100% open to this. Shannon Wall, who is
now president, is 100% open to it. And they've both
worked for it. But there has never wanted, the SIU
has never wanted to put the unions together.
That's why they have never been wanted, they have
never been put together. Now,
why Hall didn't want them together, I don't know.
For example, about, trying
to think of the year.
Maybe about 1953 or 4 or 5 in there somewhere.
There was a meeting of the unions out in the
maritime unions over some issue. I don't know what
the issue was either. Out in Cincinnati under the
chairmanship of the then president of the Railway
Clerks Organization. And Joe asked me to go out
there to the meeting with him. I did go out and after
the meeting I stayed overnight because I couldn't
get a plane back to Washington that night and Joe
went on to New York. Paul stayed there. I don't know
the reason. He was probably coming to Washington
too. I don't remember now. But anyway, I sat down
with him and talked with him about the merger for a
long time. And I said, Paul is it a question of
leadership that's keeping you from wanting a
merger? He said, no, I want a merger. It's Joe Kern
keeping the merger apart. I said, Paul, you're not
talking to a kid now. I said, I've been in this
organization business for some time, and I've
been a personal friend of Joe Kern's ever since he
hit the bricks in New York. So don't tell me about
Joe Kern. I know about Joe Kern. I want to know about
Joe. I said, if it's a question of you becoming
president of the organization, tell me. It can be
worked out. He said, what do you mean it can be
worked out? That can't be worked out. Joe wouldn't
go for anything like that. I said, Paul, if you want
a merger, I will tell you now that you can have a
merger of the SIU and the NMU. with Joe Kern being
made as president for six months. And at the end of
that six months, you're taking over as president.
I said, would that give you any problem? He said,
no, that wouldn't give me any problem. I said,
well, what's the problem? I never did get an answer
to what the problem was. But there was never any
merger as long as Paul Hall was alive. But Joe was
ready to step aside at any time there was a merger.
At that time, he wanted to retire. This was in the
50s after his heart attack? This was in the 50s.
Speaking of retirement, why did, in your opinion,
did Joe Kern stay on as union president until 1973?
And when he did retire, did he consult with you?
Yes, he did. I think he didn't retire because he
didn't think he had built anyone who was capable of
taking over, and he hadn't. And he recognized this
as a big shortcoming on his part. So he wanted to try
to get someone who was capable of taking over.
So he waited that long. He had had plans then to
retire much earlier. Yes, he had. He had wanted to
retire for some time. I said the middle of the 50s.
You know, this could have been the middle of the
60s, just as well as the 50s. I just don't remember
dates. There's no way I can do it. The only way I can
remember is the Cincinnati meeting, whenever it
took place. Well, it would have to have been before
the merger. When was the merger? 55? No. I believe
it was 55, wasn't it? It starts and talks in 52 and
53. Well, it was before the merger. No, it was after
the merger because the railway clerk's guy was an
AFL guy. It had to be after the merger.
Well, whenever it was anyway. But Joe wanted to
retire at that time. And he told me specifically
that he would like to put the merger together and if
it meant for him not being an officer in the merger,
he would do it. but he would also like very much to be
the first president of that merged organization.
You know, he wanted that very badly and made no
bones about it, but he said, I'm willing to step
aside from that if it can't be accomplished
without it.
I never recommended but one person to Joe Curran in
my life, and that happened to be Shannon Wall. I'd
met Shannon Wall at a CIO convention held in Los
Angeles. Shannon was agent at the San Diego Hall
for the NMU. And I told Joe of my meeting with him, my
having meals with him a couple of times and talking
with him about problems. I said, of all of the
agents, Joe, that you've ever had, In my opinion,
this is the best organized individual of any of
them, understands more clearly what the issues
are than any of them, and has the greater facility
of talking about those problems.
The next election,
he was put on the slate by Joe
I guess it was vice president. I'm not sure now
whether it was vice president or
secretary-treasurer. Anyway, it was brought to
the national office.
It was not, it was not, it was not
secretary-treasurer because that came up later.
Joe was going to name a fellow by the name of Mel
Baricic as secretary-treasurer. I said, Joe, Do
you realize that this man can't write a letter? And
he knows nothing about keeping books. Has no grasp
of either one of these issues. This is going to mean
that he's got to hire someone to do all this for him.
I said, I'm not opposed to that. But he's got to be
able to make a determination about what someone
does for him, whether it's right or not. Joe says,
you're right. So he changed that and brought
Shannon.